I like coaching but I don't know it's
like I just it's gonna sound mean but I
just don't want to work with like lower
tier teams again I just I just can't do
it okay so you say that but there's a
reddit thread last week of you talks
until you reached out to golden
Guardians who if you look at the right
now is the lowest tier team that's not
the coach I said I would do consulting
like I would help them find a coach and
I would like help them get back on their
feet and stuff like that like I didn't
want a groups the team yeah yeah I think
a lot of people felt like you well at
least from the reddit thread because I
wasn't watching your stream that night
was were he were interested in coaching
so it's interesting so what you just
charged them a big consulting fee to to
say here's cop he's a coach you should
hire him I'll catch you later
no even I mean I don't know on the topic
comp like I don't think cop is like the
big band-aid that would fix them anyways
the cop is a he's a good like pick/ban
coach and like he understands like the
meta very well but he's not like he's
not like a coach coach like a structural
coach in a sense yeah like he's he knows
the game but he's not like he needs to
be you need somebody with them that is
like a people person and that kid like
motivate people and like get them down
the right path and yeah that's not
really you know how come he doesn't Mick
copley yeah you don't like me they don't
meet coffee like to him
this guy's turned my life around you
know he's got it all figured out yeah
that's like panic cop are you throwing
up again from yeah yeah yeah not to
bad-mouth cop no one here everyone has
nothing but respect for cop actually
he's my favorite person and personality
of the LCS huge fan huge fan yeah
without shame like obviously he could
help the team but he would need somebody
to like go along with them yeah so who I
mean we'll get into collars in just a
second I'm sure people want to talk
about this as well but who like how do
you find that other coach because as you
like I think most of the big coaches are
already hired up so maybe you throw a
cop in there to help out with the game
side
and how are you able to go out there and
find somebody who has ability to kind of
like rally the troops or even more
generally like like you said you were
gonna consult your often you consult
them but like what would be like some
public advice you'd be willing to give
two golden Guardians like what do you
think they should do
how much does very much you charging for
that we said consulting fees here
there's no just general statements you
know what do you think is the issue yeah
like we do you agree with the all na
approach or something like just I don't
know if you say what you want I'll be
brutally honest but I think that just
like their entire path that they took
from the offseason where I'm not
obviously the hiring envelope edokko and
then putting together the full and a
roster like all the players on that that
roster can work out on any team I
believe like I don't think that any of
those players are bad but putting them
all on the same team together it's like
who's your who's your firepower so like
you compare it to like a team like TL
that I worked with you know before
doublelift came in and then like we
brought in double live so like usually
when you're developing strategy as a
coach you you it's hard to like develop
a strategy if you don't have lanes that
are consistent that you can play through
so like let's say that we were on TL and
we had the pigley era like take piglet
he would gain advantages but half the
time he'd just kill himself you know it
would that advantage so it's like this
isn't consistent so like how do we
develop a strategy around that but when
double have came in like he consistently
got advantages and he knew how to play
safe around the advantage and you could
like count on him to get a lead and like
have the whole team play around it right
so it's like who is that player on
golden Guardians is it Laurel Oh like Lo
is a good player but he's like pretty
hit or miss you know if he's gonna like
carry the game in my opinion so I don't
think that they have like a very strong
like one-two punch kind of thing going
on like there's not like a hard carry
lane and there's not like a secondary
like backup lane so like let's say we're
on when I was working with Dignitas you
know our hard carry lane was our duo
lane and then Keane was like the
facilitator like we just have him like
gain priority and then go and like help
that Lane out and you know set up the
dives and that kind of stuff so it's
like you can't really do that with the
roster that they picked up so I'm maybe
not for this split but like some pieces
would I feel like bringing you on subs
and
like that or like looking for other
pieces to like put into that that roster
would help them out a lot and then just
for like this split I think that they
could do a lot of stuff with their pick
band I think their pick band is one of
the worst in the league if not the worse
just in the way that they do things it's
like very obvious how they do their pick
band does that include this past weekend
because it seemed like last weekend they
had the new coach which might have
thrown things uh you know into weird mix
and then they had look at oka before
that do you think also this weekend I
don't know if you watch their games the
first game they did like the same
standardized pick band and then the
second game that you just tell they like
it and they just you know they did
the allow a pick and like this is this
one thing I hate when you're judging
like team strength and all that is like
imagine somebody pulled that out in a
bo3 they were just instantly bandy
allowing like the second today's and
then it's like all right golden
Guardians now you gotta play a
straight-up like the are you gonna
do you know and that's why I like I
think when measuring team strength and
like how how a team performs it's so
awful it's like a be a one cuz it's like
you can just come in with like two
strategies and things like that yeah
set your cat on the background yeah
that's my cat okay just play with the
toy do you coach the cat yeah I coach
the cat okay very good so can't quite
see what she's she's just off camera
yeah hitting he's not quite sure yeah so
just see just a curiosity for your your
interest in helping golden Guardians did
you was that born out of the fact that
you just you know quite bluntly see like
an opportunity there like okay here
maybe I can do some consulting with this
team kind of pick them up or is that
because you like those players like what
what sort of led you to reach out to
them I mean it's a two-part thing where
AI want to develop myself and like that
kind of area where I can do like more
management type things and you know also
like work and like see if I can devote
you know come in and be a consultant I'm
sure like many teams could use a
consultant like just come in to like any
team around the world and just come in
and help them and try to fix their
issues but also like you know I work
with
Matt and lower low and you know I'm like
known hi for a long time and it's just
is it kind of sad to like see them just
go down like that and then I don't know
I feel like I feel like there's not
gonna be any right answers that the
golden Guardian staff is gonna be able
to offer them so it's like I see it's
like I see all the problems right in
front of me and I could just like come
in and like instantly fix them I feel
like just for the short term like not
long term right it's just like if things
that can make them like you know 15 20
30 % better it may not be enough to like
bring them straight out of like the
bottom tier teams but it it'll may at
least make them look like competitive
you know yeah all right mark you have
any other thoughts on this before we we
go into colors nope I was just starting
to wrangle people up cool all right so
for those of you actually I guess mark
he usually handles us if you want to
explain how it works yeah I guess I'll
do the work you're so so much energy
from you tonight work I am just Burton I
got a Red Bull yeah those darts you're
like I don't have any free time life
sucks anyway so I'm spending a couple
puffs we move on past that part yeah